Clarify bristen usage (#462)
eth-cscs/cscs-docs: docs/clusters/bristen.md

# Bristen

Bristen is an Alps cluster that provides GPU accelerators and filesystems designed to meet the needs of machine learning workloads in the [MLP][ref-platform-mlp].

> It s considered a test cluster, with lower uptime and stability guarantees, it is provided on a best effort basis to give users a place where to benchmark x86 A100, do data preparation and similar tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is clasified as a test and development system, provided on a best effort basis for benchmarking and testing [a100][ref-alps-a100-node] nodes, data preparation and similar tasks that require x86 nodes.
```

> It is clasified as a test and development system, provided on a best effort basis for benchmarking and testing [a100][ref-alps-a100-node] nodes, data preparation and similar tasks that require x86 nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is classified as a test and development system, provided on a best effort basis for benchmarking and testing [a100][ref-alps-a100-node] nodes, data preparation and similar tasks that require x86 nodes.
```
